## The World’s Largest Open Multilingual Language Model: BLOOM
Large language models (LLMs) have made a significant impact on AI research. These powerful, general models can take on a wide variety of new language tasks from a user’s instructions. However, academia, nonprofits and smaller companies' research labs find it difficult to create, study, or even use LLMs as only a few industrial labs with the necessary resources and exclusive rights can fully access them.
- With its 176 billion parameters, BLOOM is able to generate text in 46 natural languages and 13 programming languages. For almost all of them, such as Spanish, French and Arabic, BLOOM will be the first language model with over 100B parameters ever created. This is the culmination of a year of work involving over 1000 researchers from 70+ countries and 250+ institutions, leading to a final run of 117 days (March 11 - July 6) training the BLOOM model on the Jean Zay supercomputer in the south of Paris, France thanks to a compute grant worth an estimated €3M from French research agencies CNRS and GENCI.
- Researchers can now download, run and study BLOOM to investigate the performance and behavior of recently developed large language models down to their deepest internal operations. More generally, any individual or institution who agrees to the terms of the model’s Responsible AI License (developed during the BigScience project itself) can use and build upon the model on a local machine or on a cloud provider - since it's embedded in the Hugging Face ecosystem, it's as easy as importing it with transformers and running it with accelerate

This Repo aims to explore on how to run this massive language model on your local system and make it generate texts by question-answering and transletation tasks.
